Homework items 1-3 are in shown as different scripts in the worksheet_4s folder.

I think that something I might forget is the && and the || opperands, this looks at the first statement (like a < 0) and determines if it evaluates to 1 (true) or 0 (false), depending on the outcome of this statement, matlab will not continue running the next line because it doesn't have to.

Homework 5: Is there a short-icuit version of xor?
I can't imagine that there would be... in and statments, both of the statments must evaluate to true, so if the first statement evaluates to false, it does not matter what the second statement is.  In or statments, only one of the statments must evaluate to true, so if the first statment evaluates to true, then whether or not the second statment evaluates to true is kind of irrelevent because the statement will be passed anyway. But the xor operand is more specific than the && and the ||, this is because one MUST evaluate to true and the other MUST evaluate to false. So, a short cut can't really be done because in order for the xor statment to evaluate to true or false, both of the statments within the xor statment must be evaluated

Homework 6:
I am not sure if you can write the satement in reverse so that it is:

if isempty(datapath) || nargin < 1, datapath = cd; end

I FIGURED IT OUT!!!  you can find the code that I used to test this in the file titled homework.m in this folder.  Essentially, when you switch the order of the statments that make up the double or statement, the first statement: isempty(datapath) will error is there is no argument given for datapath in the code. I would assume that this is because you can't determine if a variable is empty if that variable doesn't exist.

Homework 7:
Homework 7 discusses the switch cases, so if the swtich matches the value of the case, then certain lines of code are carried out -- i think that it is a particularly cool thing that you can do.  But the question is: what would happen when the switch value doesn't match any of the case values?  In the case given, an error occurs, but i think that is it important to note that the error was not the reslut of the fact that there was no case statment that matched the switch value. When none of the case values matched the switch value, matlab continued on to the next line of code, which was a fprintf statment that included a variable wich was created and given a value under the case statements.  Because the variable was never created or assigned a value, when it was called upon an error occured.  If you created a variable before the switch-case, and only reassigned it during the case statements, no error would have occured.

Homework 8: What are the advantages/disadvantages of using if/else vs. switch/case?

I am not suure that there are pros/cons as much as better times to use one or the other.  I think that the switch/case statements would be better in situations where specific values mean certain lines of code need to be carried out.  But, i think that if/else statments would be better in instances where the statments is a logical statement, like a > 0 and a < 0, mainly because you can't use these in switch/case statments.

Homwork 9: 
this will be under the name homeworkItem9.m .
